# CS-370-Portfolio

# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: what code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For this project I created the training loop for the model.  There was code provided for creating and interacting with the environment as well as the neural network used for predicting the best move to make.  The code that I provided trained the model to solve the maze and allowed the model to solve the maze from every starting space in the maze.  

# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
A computer scientist can do many things, one of the things that a computer scientist would do related to the course material is research new areas of AI.  This includes studying different technologies for creating and training neural networks, studying new areas that AI could be applied, and working for a company that already uses AI to improve their implementation.  The role of a computer scientist is important because they are building the foundation for future generations to improve on.  This generation is the first generation where computers are in everyone’s pocket and the world is constantly connected.  The work that is done by computer scientists today shapes the world for the future of computing and how society uses it to enhance their daily lives.

# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
I approach a problem by breaking down the larger issue into smaller components.  This is a crucial strategy for success as it allows you to show progress and makes a large problem more approachable.  By breaking the problem down to its core components, you end up with several small problems that are more trivial to solve instead of one large problem that is very daunting.  It also allows stakeholders to see progress throughout the development process and gives the team key milestones to reach.

# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
Ethical responsibilities are a difficult topic, there is usually a disconnect between what the stakeholders want and what the end user wants.  This can create areas where the stakeholders are demanding features that do not have the end user’s privacy in mind.  This mostly comes in the form of holding and selling user data.  For the stakeholders, I have a responsibility to ensure that the product developed is profitable and complies with all regulatory requirements.  For the end users, I have a responsibility to minimize the data that is collected and to use the data responsibly.  However, this does not always happen and if I work for a company that does not treat their user’s data responsibly, I will have to carefully consider my other options for employment.  Data privacy is something that I take very seriously and try to implement best practices for my personal data. 
